FEA Store the  `GradientBoostingClassifier`/ `GradientBoostingRegressor` OOB Scores as the `oob_score(s)_` fitted attributes (#24882)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

    :pr:`123456` by :user:`Joe Bloggs <joeongithub>`.
    where 123456 is the *pull request* number, not the issue number.

:mod:`sklearn.ensemble`
.......................

> - |Feature| Add `oob_scores_` to class:`ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier` to
>   store OOB Loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Feature| :class:`ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier` now exposes
  out-of-bag scores via the `oob_scores_` or `oob_score_` attributes.
```
